I am Chris Morris master distiller
Woodford Reserve and we're here in
Houston at Downing Street where we have
been doing a wonderful comparative
tasting of which we reserve and a very
special special place here Downing
Street has conducted two would reserve
personal selection selections or
programs and this is the only account
that I've been to since we've been doing
this program in four years that has its
personal selections available for
tasting divided its patrons so it's a
really unique chance to sample this
process with the reserve is a
small-batch bourbon from Woodford County
Kentucky and add our distillery we batch
barrels of Woodford together to build a
consistent flavor profile that's because
no single barrel at the what reservist
to learn is what reserve by itself
because barrels are as individual as all
of us are so you taste barrels identify
their predominant flavors matching those
complementary flavors together
to get a standard flavor which is with
the reserve right here but the personal
selection program is really special
because customer comes to the distillery
and we will sample 10 barrels we will
have sampled barrels that are
representative of the five brain areas
of bourbon flavor a couple of the
barrels would be very sweet
confectionery type notes a couple of
barrels would be very fruity s32 of the
barrels lugar is spice two of the
barrels will have a lot of wood
character and two of the barrels will
exhibit some grain and
so matching those together would have
been a batch of wood but we sample those
10 barrels and the customer chooses four
of them to move into a batching round
and those for preferred barrels matched
in two barrel batches will give us six
little batches to taste it will go
through the radiant system again and
ultimately at the
the customer look chosen a two-barrel
batch which will be absolutely unique
and it will have their personal slant on
would reserve they may have chosen a
personal selection that's more sweet and
classic with that might be more spicy
than classically and it is therefore
unique and you cannot replicate it and
that's the beauty of having this little
tasting seminar at Downing Street we can
see how the two personal selections
differ from each other and differ from
the classic which reason